{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red191\green191\blue191;\red231\green234\blue235;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c17255\c18039;\csgray\c79525;\csgenericrgb\c90588\c91765\c92157;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh15460\viewkind1\viewscale160
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl260\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 visfAtlas in nifti volume format\
\
The visfAtlas is based on N19 subjects. In FreeSurfer, it is aligned to the fsaverage brain. In BrainVoyager, it is aligned to a newly generated average brain for BrainVoyager, called the BVaverage. The BVaverage is distributed with this publication. The nifti volume atlas is aligned to the MNI colin27 brain.\
\
Citing:\
Please cite the article for use of the functional atlas as well as the BVaverage.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Rosenke, M., van Hoof, R., van den Hurk, J., Goebel, R. (2020). \cf0 A probabilistic functional parcellation of human occipito-temporal cortex. TBD\
\cf2 To acknowledge using this atlas in your research, you might include a sentence like one of the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 "We used the functional atlas of visual cortex developed by Rosenke et al. (2020)\'85\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl260\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Downloaded content:\
\
\
\
\
Files\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth13200\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5460\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7740\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MNI152_T1_1mm.nii.gz\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The MNI152 brain the atlas is aligned too.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth13200\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5460\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7740\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 visfAtlas_MNI152_volume.nii.gz\
\
\
\
visfAtlas_FSL.cmap\
visfAtlas_FSL.xml\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The visfAtlas after nonlinear volumetric alignment to the MNI152 brain. Each ROI holds a specific intensity value, details described below.\
Color-map for FSLeyes.\
Atlas specification file for FSLeyes.\cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl260\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 visfAtlas intensity value to ROI mapping:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl260\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 1 = lh_mFus_faces\
2 = lh_pFus_faces\
3 = lh_IOG_faces\
4 = lh_OTS_bodies\
5 = lh_ITG_bodies\
6 = lh_MTG_bodies\
7 = lh_LOS_bodies\
8 = lh_pOTS_characters\
9 = lh_IOS_haracters\cf0 \
\cf2 10 = lh_CoS_places\
11 = lh_hMT_motion\
12 = lh_v1d_retinotopic\
13 = lh_v2d_retinotopic\
14 = lh_v3d_retinotopic\
15 = lh_v1v_retinotopic\
16 = lh_v2v_retinotopic\
17 = lh_v3v_retinotopic\
18 = rh_mFus_faces\
19 = rh_pFus_faces\
20 = rh_IOG_faces\
21 = rh_OTS_bodies\
22 = rh_ITG_bodies\
23 = rh_MTG_bodies\
24 = rh_LOS_bodies\
25 = rh_CoS_places\
26 = rh_TOS_places\
27 = rh_hMT_motion\
28 = rh_v1d_retinotopic\
29 = rh_v2d_retinotopic\
30 = rh_v3d_retinotopic\
31 = rh_v1v_retinotopic\
32 = rh_v2v_retinotopic\
33 = rh_v3v_retinotopic\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Import visfAtlas in FSLeyes \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
The atlas management tab in FSLeyes displays a list of all loaded atlases, and allows you to add and remove atlases from FSLeyes. The name of each atlas is shown in the list, but you can click and hold on an atlas to display the path to the atlas specification file.\
\
You can load a new atlas into FSLeyes by clicking the + button and selecting the FSL atlas (.xml) specification file which describes the atlas. To find the management tab; select Settings \'96 Orto View 1 and check the Atlas panel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The maximum probability map can be visualized by opening the visfATlas_volume.nii.gz file and loading the correct color map (visfAtlas_FSL.cmap) through the overlay display panel.\
\
\
}
